[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER]
You want my treasure?
You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR] Now, those who dare
to dream hoist their flags
and sail into the
Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece,
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters
and learn all the
secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to
be the end of road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey
D. Luffy, a boy whose body
became rubber after
eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
It's been two years
since the War of the
Best in Marineford.
Scattered across the world,
Luffy and his crew
underwent special training to
prepare for the trials ahead.
Now, thousands of feet
below sea level,
they set sail to the next
step in their journey:
Fishman Island.
My turn. Gum-Gum...
Elephant Gun!
[WADATSUMI]
Hey, that's naughty!
You know better, Ankoro! Ugh!
You're not allowed to eat ships!
Wait. Did he just help us?
Who freaking cares? Let's
just make a break for it!
He might change his mind!
[gasps] Oh, please, no more!
[LUFFY]
"Undersea Volcanic Eruption!
Drifting to the Fishman Island!"
[DECKEN exhales, inhales]
[DECKEN] Dead men tell no tales,
and dead men have no needs...
[BROOK]
Is that me?
[DECKEN] I pluck the rings
right off their hands
within these shadowy seas.
Dead men have no regrets
and no tears left to weep.
I'll pluck the crowns
right off their heads
within this cold, black deep.
Sunken treasures
free for the taking!
A king of pirates in the making!
I leave my enemies,
weeping and shaking!
Vander Decken is my name,
and these long-lost riches
I do claim!
[FLYING PIRATES cheer]
[screams] Go away!
[gasps] No, it can't be!
[CHOPPER whimpers]
[screams] It's a ghost ship!
You are the last one
who should be scared!
You can't get with
these moves! Whoo!
[USOPP]
No. No!
[GROUP]
It's a ghost ship!
Tell us that thing isn't real!
Tell us it's like your ship!
Nothing would make me happier,
but take a look at their sail!
That's the legendary
Flying Dutchmen !
It shouldn't be here!
It shouldn't exist!
As the story goes, it sailed
the seas hundreds of years ago.
One dark and stormy night,
the captain of the ship
suddenly lost his mind.
Consumed with madness,
he threw his own crew-mates
into the sea, one after another.
Then, he turned his
gaze to the heavens
and cursed the very gods!
The captain's name
was none other
than Vander Decken,
and the ship was
the Flying Dutchman .
The gods condemned
him for his actions,
and he was cursed
for all eternity.
Sailing the seas, aimlessly,
there on that very vessel!
[BROOK] Even if you're
a skeleton who has sailed
on a ghost ship of your own,
the sight of the Flying Dutchman
will put chills down your spine!
[USOPP, CHOPPER scream]
Stop screaming!
We thought Brook's ship
was scary when we saw it;
look how that turned out!
There was a logical explanation!
And sure, some of his jokes
are so bad you could scream,
but that's the worst of it.
[laughs] You're so cold!
Almost like you're made
of metal! Get it?
Franky's right!
The ship may look spooky,
but that doesn't mean
the scary story is real!
[ROBIN] Perhaps, but the
Kraken is a legend as well,
and it just attacked our ship.
This is all uncharted
territory for us.
I mean who's to say what's
real and what's not?
[NAMI]
Uh--
If Robin says it's real...
...then it's gotta be!
We're doomed!
Someone hold me!
Robin, don't torment the crew
just so you can have a laugh.
We're in real trouble here!
[ROBIN giggles]
[FLYING PIRATE A] Good news,
Captain Vander Decken!
Wadatsumi and Ankoro are
bringing in the pirate ship!
Foolish humans, all of them,
but the ship does
look rather nice.
And their treasure
will look even nicer
once it's in my hands! [laughs]
Luffy! Please, come back!
Yeah, Zoro and Sanji, too!
You got me!
What, are my giant muscles
not good enough to protect ya?
Either way, we gotta
pull it together
so we're still alive
when they do come back!
[NAMI]
It's getting hotter and hotter.
That's not normal.
[NAMI]
That can only mean...
[DECKEN] Listen up, I'm not
digging their treasure
out of your stomachs,
so no eating the ship!
Just give it a good knock!
You betcha!
[USOPP] I think we're
about to get pounded!
[CHOPPER]
Well, sure! He's our enemy!
Franky, we need
a Coup De Burst! Now!
[FRANKY] I can't! We used
up all our fuel already!
That means we're on our own
till I can restock
the cola supply!
[WADATSUMI yells]
[BOTH scream]
Do something!
Help me!
We're dead!
[grunting]
[STRAW HATS yelling]
What?!
That's The Monster of
the Arctic. The Kraken.
[WADATSUMI]
You big bully!
[LUFFY] All right, he learned
his lesson. Enough!
[LUFFY]
Good boy!
Hey!
--[ALL cheer]
--[USOPP] Guys!
I thought you were dead!
That was so scary!
What the heck happened to you?
Nami-swan! Robin!
It was crazy, that's for sure!
They got lost. Morons.
They're hopeless without me.
Sanji, no! He's having
a girl-crazy relapse!
We'll have to build
up his tolerance
with some less
stimulating pictures.
[DECKEN]
You gonna take that, Wadatsumi?
Get back up! Avenge yourself!
Start swinging!
[WADATSUMI groans]
[LUFFY] My bubble popped
and so did Sanji's,
so we all had to crowd inside
Zoro's before we drowned!
We were running outta air!
How 'bout you stop
scaring us like that?
Now a song for you, Captain.
[LUFFY sighs]
Finally! I can stretch my legs!
[CHOPPER]
Luffy!
We thought you
were gone forever!
[sobs]
[FRANKY] If you survived that,
you can survive anything!
[NAMI] No kidding,
and you tamed the Kraken
just like you said.
I thought you were nuts!
[ROBIN laughs] So, is he
going to be our new guide?
[LUFFY]
Yeah!
If that goopy dude can have
a sea monster pull his ship,
then we can have
Surume pull the Sunny .
Right, pal?
[USOPP] Of course, you would
name it already, wouldn't you?
[BROOK]
♪ Surume!
♪ I think our captain's insane
to give it such a name, ♪
♪ but as long as it can
carry us, I won't complain! ♪
Now, pull the Sunny
forward. Let's go!
[USOPP] Uh, that's cool if he
wants to give us a free ride.
But make sure he
doesn't crush us
with those giant tentacles.
[FLYING PIRATE A] Captain,
the ship's getting away.
[DECKEN] You think
I can't see the Kraken?
Follow them!
[FLYING PIRATES]
Aye-aye!
[PIRATES gasp]
What's that?
Captain, stop!
We gotta turn back,
or we're dead!
I knew it. An undersea volcano.
Straight ahead.
[USOPP, CHOPPER, BROOK, FRANKY]
What?
Looks like it's about to blow!
[DECKEN]
Pull back, men!
We'll live to
plunder another day!
--[FLYING PIRATES yell]
--[FLYING PIRATE A] Roger!
You don't gotta ask me twice!
[DECKEN]
Ankoro!
Wadatsumi!
Draw the ship!
Okay, Captain, sure!
[DECKEN]
Vander Decken is my name,
and these long-lost
riches. I'll get later!
[FLYING PIRATES]
Yeah!
Oh, no!
Luffy, I don't know
how the Kraken works,
but order him to turn
around and haul ass!
Hey, Surume!
Wait a sec.
[USOPP] He's hauling ass
just fine all on his own.
For such a giant monster,
it's kind of shameful, actually.
Who cares?
I would be doing the same thing!
He runs terribly.
Give him a break!
I'd rather be clumsy and alive
than graceful and dead!
Like... me?
What the hell is
mouth brow doing?
Whoo! Yeah! Baby!
It's rehab!
Come on! I wanna see lava!
[USOPP] Evacuate to the
front of the ship!
[CHOPPER]
Hurry!
[NAMI]
That's not gonna help!
It's just a couple of feet!
[ALL scream]
--[ALL screaming]
--[LUFFY laughing]
[NAMI]
Well, you got your lava, Luffy.
It's getting hotter.
Nobody told me we could
be boiled alive down here!
The ocean sure hates us!
[FLYING PIRATES yelping]
Their ship's flying.
Is that good or bad?
[NAMI]
Faster, Surume!
[CHOPPER]
You can do it!
[USOPP]
If you don't hurry it up,
somebody is gonna be
eating your delicious,
cooked carcass from
off the ocean floor!
[LUFFY]
Ooh, riding him is pretty fun,
but eating him might
be even better!
[roars]
The temperature change--
it's causing a vortex
in the current!
[SANJI] Nami, which direction
is Fishman Island?
We can't lose our wa--
You're not ready for
real girls yet, Sanji!
Go back to your
pictures and relax!
Straight ahead. I have an idea!
We're getting closer!
Now, jump into the trench!
[CHOPPER yelps]
That doesn't look safe!
[BOTH]
No!
That's not a place you jump!
It's an abyss!
[CHOPPER] Yeah, there's nothing
but blackness down there!
Fish people live there?
They've gotta be insane!
Lava! There's lava behind us!
And the void in front of us!
Help! Can't we go up?
Up, where it's not
burning and dark
and everything wants to kill us?
Wait!
You're not really
Luffy, are you?
You're some evil demon
who looks like him
that wants to drag us
to the depths of hell!
This is a nightmare!
--Why can't I wake up? Why?
--[LUFFY] Surume! Jump in!
[gasps]
[CHOPPER yelling]
--[SANJI] Yes!
--[USOPP whimpers]
[LUFFY laughs]
[USOPP]
It's erupting again!
[STRAW HATS screaming]
Whoa, look above us!
Something's coming down!
[ROBIN]
Boulders?
[BROOK]
A mudslide?
It's an avalanche!
Brace yourselves!
The eruption knocked
the rocks loose!
If one of those hits us,
then the Sunny 's done for!
Our bubble would burst, even if
we weren't crushed to death!
[NAMI]
Dodge the boulders, Surume!
I can't just sit here;
I'm gonna go cut 'em!
Luffy, hold onto my leg, okay?
Sure! Gotcha!
[ZORO grunts]
Zoro! You can't!
What's the big idea?
Yeah, let him go, Robin!
The ship is over 8,000
meters deep right now!
Never mind the boulders,
go outside and the water
pressure will crush you!
Fine, but we gotta do something!
We don't have to
destroy anything.
We just need to buy some time
to get away from the cliff wall!
[USOPP]
Leave it to me, then!
[GROUP gasps]
[USOPP] Special Attack,
Green Star "Sargasso"!
Ah! Usopp made seaweed appear!
It stopped the boulders.
That's handy!
Oh, wow! Nice shot!
So awesome!
It won't hold for
very long, though.
We gotta get moving, Surume!
Move it!
[STRAW HATS yell]
[CHOPPER]
Just in time!
[USOPP grunts]
Monster plants?
Aw man! That's cool!
[BROOK] I wonder what else you
have in that bag of tricks!
[CHOPPER]
Looks like we're in the clear!
[laughs]
I trained my
butt off, ya know.
Actually... yeah!
Here! I'll tell ya!
It's a very touching
story, I promise!
The food! The food!
The forbidden temptation!
A cruel diet...
Maybe next time.
--[LUFFY] Aw...
--Okay, rude!
That Nami. So harsh.
[LUFFY] You were pretty
great, too, Surume!
Thanks a bunch!
[CHOPPER]
Yeah! You saved us all!
[NAMI]
You're the best, Surume!
[STRAW HATS chanting]
Surume! Yay!
Surume! Yay! Surume! Yay!
Surume! Yay! Suru--
[STRAW HATS yell]
[STRAW HATS scream]
[BROOK]
Are we alive? Or dead?
There's light, but we're
so deep in the sea.
So, bright!
I've got stars in my eyes!
Rather, just stars,
there aren't any eyes.
Nya, ho, ho, ho...
Guys! Check it out!
Over there! I think we made it!
[STRAW HATS]
Huh?
[USOPP] I can't see anything.
It's too bright.
C'mon, Nami. Tell us!
[NAMI] Yep! There's
no doubt about it!
The needle is pointing
straight ahead.
We did it.
[LUFFY]
Fishman Island!
It's huge!
[NAMI]
It's in a giant bubble!
It looks like they have clouds!
There must be air inside.
[CHOPPER] Whoa, does that mean
we're 10,000 meters deep now?
It's not as scary as I thought.
[USOPP] The trees really do
reach all the way to the bottom!
I can't believe what I'm seeing!
[LUFFY laughs]
All right!
We made it!
The New World is next!
Almost there!
Well, what do ya know.
The morons survived after all!
[SANJI]
This is where the mermaids live.
Real, live, beautiful mermaids!
My dream can finally come true.
How I've longed
to see their faces.
To touch them!
[SANJI, BROOK]
♪ A mermaid for me!
♪ A mermaid for you!
♪ A mermaid for--
Hold up!
You're not ready for this!
You shouldn't even
think about it!
Sanji!
I'm sorry!
I thought my treatment
would do the trick!
I know it's your dream,
but you're not healthy
enough for mermaids.
Doctor!
For him, this is a fate
worse than death.
There's gotta be
something you can do!
If he sees mermaids,
it will be death!
How cruel.
[SANJI grunts]
I don't care.
Sanji!
I-I don't wanna live in
a world without dreams.
I'd rather die leering
at some hot mermaid tail.
You're the worst!
[SANJI]
Who needs blood?
I have lust to sustain me!
Whoa!
His lechery burns bright!
I'm so hungry!
I bet they fry up all kinds
of yummy deep-sea
monsters down here!
Hey, wipe up that drool
and tell Surume to go.
There's an entrance
around here somewhere
and we've gotta find it.
Guys! We got company!
[roars]
[screams]
Well, crap. That's not good.
[NAMI]
Sea monsters! Giant ones!
[ALL scream]
So, close! And now we're dead!
[LUFFY]
Wow! They look tough!
I want one!
[LUFFY]
Wait, is somebody riding 'em?
[NARRATOR] Although Fishman
Island is in sight,
Luffy's descent is halted
by cruel fishmen
riding atop massive
sea monsters.
Calling themselves the
New Fishman Pirates,
they speak of Luffy's
old adversary, Arlong.
Running out of time,
the Straw Hats attempt
a desperate maneuver
to propel themselves
straight into their
destination at any cost.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Landing at the Fishman Island!
Beautiful Mermaids!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!